
Version 2.1
2. Add comments
3. Import rain records and add code to collector to detect rain records
4. Finish preferences page for at least color.
5. Finish Weather Station properties page and use min/max values where appropriate.      
7. Add Beaufort Scale to displays
8. Add monthly data to database and monthly summary displays
9. Either add min high/max low records or remove from DB in 2.0
11. Internationalization - German first
12. Add the ability to edit historical records. This will cause a recalculation of the daily summary.
    Need to be careful about records that may have been made invalid due to the historical data change.
    May want to consider adding a "dirty bit" to the historical records or the daily summaries so that the collector can
    recalculate the dirty daily summaries at a timed interval.
14. Fix collector recovery in the case of an SQL error or a network error.
15. Add weather prediction to current weather. May need barometer trend to complete the picture. 
16. Finish Location properties dialog.
17. Add ability to remove record rows from database. This can be tricky in that you need to set the record back
    to the previous value if the record has not been broken in future data.
19. On current weather. Label high/low temperature, show max wind and gust, make rain data collapsible.
22. Add icon to system tray. Investigate how you get rid of an entry in the task bar.
26. Add ability to enter comments for a weather day, like "It was really hot or the pressure dropped really fast and it was windy".
27. Modify Temperature plot to allow high and low text boxes.
28. Records for the current day do not display in the daily summaries page.
29. Add storm detector and storm list display

Version 2.1
1. Investigate changing to Spring and/or JPA
2. Add ability to add temperature (and possibly humidity) sensors. This would require a re-evaluation of the history record.
   The history table would probably need to broken into two tables. The current table less the indoor and outdoor temperature/humidity,
   then a separate table that would have the weather station, time, sensor ID, temperature and humidity. Not sure what to do with
   wind chill and dew point as that can be calculated at any time. May need a flag to indicate from which temperature values 
   dew point and wind chill could be calculated. This also implies that some of the graph panels would need some thought as to
   how to make them more flexible. Perhaps the temperature graphs would just have the option of displaying all temperatures
   (indoor, outdoor, sensor 3, sensor 4, etc.).
    Partially complete. Implemented for historical records but not current weather or summary records.

Needed to Release 2.1
1. Transition to proper Maven naming convension (SNAPSHOT, etc)
2. Fix collector bug where duration does not align with next record.
3. Propogate barometer trend from WS
4. Finish Temperature bin screen
5. Add code to handle collector command table
6. 